Other than that, I mean, it's been a ton of communicating.
And, and most of what we're communicating is not really data science. It's more the value, the value proposition of what we're doing and why we're doing it.
Very, we always have one slide on like our, our technology stack that encompasses, you know, rstudio, AWS, Snowflake, data, data vendors, that's all kind of put on one, one slide of like a 10 slide deck.
So, other than that, we're always just talking about the value we're bringing, how it's going to help non data scientists, that's like a huge theme at the bank, you know, it's always about, it's always about lifting up teammates.
You know, so if data science can help enhance other people's work, that's always like something people are very, very supportive of.
Upskilling too.
You know, a lot of people are interested in that but, but it's a lot of work to help upskill people but if, if you can find people who are willing to take on that work.
I think it's, that's a big win also but that's really a lot of work. It's very time consuming.
Especially, I mean at a big organization.
That's been like a nine month project, just kind of getting on the training calendar of okay we want to start upskilling people on data science, teaching people about R etc.
You know, creating the content and doing it that's like the easy part, getting it, getting it on the docket has been the hard part but, but I definitely think that trying to position data science as something that helps other people has been really important
just because, again, there's, there's some hesitancy about data science there's some hesitancy about this new thing this new technology that could kind of take over what other people are doing so.
Yeah, I think that that's been helpful too.
So that was a positioning data science is something that helps other people and finding other like other little pockets of data science champions has has been has been a good way for us to approach things and help us figure out who we need to talk to about
different initiatives.
Thank you.